Ladies and gentlemen
nothing new at all that I love
normal ficos of the MSV Duisburg Zebra jersey Danica of HSV put on ice
wild
he has a specific Hamburg emblem and finally this one
Jersey of Eintracht Frankfurt maybe of the 16 still that
Warburg
In my opinion, these jerseys are quite up to date with the times
not the case because he also thinks that we have done better here
could be
understands that from the story because he is learning the color design paints by profession
Houses tonight
she is busy
with the question how this colorful world could still be accommodated yes what he
thought ladies and gentlemen
We would end this league season
in the clubs involved in the next bundesliga season one
couple of suggestions make former Bundesliga coach Buskers that everyone
see the proposal of Ernst von Garnier for the jersey of Schalke 04
Of course, but also very different but allegedly and turquoise
or Schalke disappears is actually a
today lead up to the gray mice in the Bundesliga called the Bernese
I do not loosen up much anymore
Brussels wants black and white spectators
Explanations top Red in the middle Orangeat ambulances the strips is
green tea are big blue-black
Green and red
but we have to wait until HSV wanted to have
Hong Kong Dollar
find on it is
the yellow-black out
he has the jersey on us in the next season at VfB Stuttgart
Wish yellow-black to elicit colors of the city in the middle of the city's solo
Country around the middle part is money as you see like percent of the one on the right
and left black
that's the toughest in the world ranked third of the best
Second division federal authorities is offered
go over the improvement that the TuSler got used to it's up at
his is orange dapd
the two-part side lie
Pleon thanks but now has to be worn by her husband so Antje ten years ago
has or even longer 20 years
oil around how he finds it
yes i am basically
also think that more VW do not generally say that is a service too
to the spectators